README.md, before:

# E-Commerce Frontend for Motorbikes

This is the frontend of an e-commerce website for motorbikes, built using React and TypeScript. It provides an intuitive UI for browsing products, managing user accounts, and processing orders.

## Features

### Visitor Features:

- View Home Page
- Browse Products
- About Us Page
- Register and Log in

### Customer Features:

- View Home Page
- Browse Products
- View About Us Page
- Access Dashboard
- Log Out
- View Product Details
- Purchase Products (Specify quantity, address, and phone number)
- Redirect to ShurjoPay Sandbox Payment Gateway

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend Framework:** React ![React Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Language:** TypeScript ![TypeScript Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?logo=typescript&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS ![Tailwind CSS Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **UI Components:** Ant Design ![Ant Design Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ant%20Design-0170FE?logo=ant-design&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)

## Visit the site

[Visit Site](https://coruscating-bonbon-3879b6.netlify.app/)

## How to run the frontend locally

> Nothing special to do. Just make sure that you have nodejs installed in your system and run the command `npm run dev` from the root of this project and the site is live.

Commit message:

Update README to include ShurjoPay payment gateway support in project description

README.md, after:

# E-Commerce Frontend for Motorbikes

This is the frontend of an e-commerce website for motorbikes, built using React and TypeScript. It provides an intuitive UI for browsing products, managing user accounts, processing orders, and supports payments through the ShurjoPay payment gateway.

## Features

### Visitor Features:

- View Home Page
- Browse Products
- About Us Page
- Register and Log in

### Customer Features:

- View Home Page
- Browse Products
- View About Us Page
- Access Dashboard
- Log Out
- View Product Details
- Purchase Products (Specify quantity, address, and phone number)
- Redirect to ShurjoPay Sandbox Payment Gateway

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend Framework:** React ![React Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Language:** TypeScript ![TypeScript Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?logo=typescript&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS ![Tailwind CSS Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)
- **UI Components:** Ant Design ![Ant Design Icon](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ant%20Design-0170FE?logo=ant-design&logoColor=white&style=flat-square)

## Visit the site

[Visit Site](https://coruscating-bonbon-3879b6.netlify.app/)

## How to run the frontend locally

> Nothing special to do. Just make sure that you have nodejs installed in your system and run the command `npm run dev` from the root of this project and the site is live.
